Integrations: apply sentence-style capitalization (#29977)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/panel_custom.markdown

---
title: Custom panel

> description: Instructions on how to add customized panels to the frontend of Home Assistant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Instructions on how to add customized panels to the front end of Home Assistant.
```
